hey guys how's it going its target here
welcome to a different episode of NHL 14
player builds were normally I take real
NHL players and recreate them for you
for use in eashl today I'm going to do a
little bit of a different one since we
have the draft coming up I wanted to do
a couple episodes we can do a little
countdown of the top for consensus picks
in the draft alright so today we're
going to start with number four and now
what this is is my representation of
what they'll be like in a few years in
the NHL ok this is what they're going to
be like this the kind of player that
they're going to turn into and I wanted
to do this because the draft is coming
up and I wanted to see how they look so
first one like I said number for
consensus number four at the moment mind
you it's debatable at all Oh up and down
the list we on dry saddle of the Prince
Albert Raiders let's show you what he's
about here first off I'll just let you
know that he is 6 foot 2 215 pounds
that's how big you want to make your guy
so that you are you know he's like a
power forward playmaker he's like a Joe
Thornton type player in terms that he
uses his size to gain advantage of stuff
here's your boost plus 7 Rashad power
plus 7 accuracy and plus seven offensive
awareness you're going to go plus 7
speed plus 5 speed plus 7 agility now
this is where things get different i've
been i've been doing this lately and i
found it's working a lot I don't know
why it's weird but people mentioned
before plus 5 agility plus 5 string plus
7 strength and plus 7 balance and
finally passing d king and puck control
RL plus 5 okay r plus seven now remember
I said I'm doing something differently
this is something I've never done before
and I'll show you when we get to the
athleticism because you're probably
wondering where the acceleration is I've
been changed but here we go let's do the
office first first off d king is at 88
hand I at 86 offensive where pneus at 90
passing and also punk control both at 90
you're gonna slit wrist shot actually at
85 wrist shot power at 82 you're not
going to me anymore because you actually
have strength on this build all right
and he's a little bit bigger so you get
a better shot you don't need that power
he just needs a pretty good accuracy all
right defensively you don't need
aggressive her body aggressiveness or
body checking with your size you're
still going to be able to hit defensive
awareness at 90 faceoffs at 92 shot
blocking it's just extra at 69 and stick
checking at 80 okay now here's worth
different from other bills acceleration
I've only put it 70 because I put extra
into their guys
I found and I know I said it before that
you don't need it there's a difference
you need to make sure instead of
acceleration you put in endurance you
max out your endurance on your build for
the most part at least 88 to get your
big frame around the ice 90 would be
better all right most builds only allow
88 though so acceleration 70 agility an
87 balance at 86 durability at 78
endurance and 88 speed 87 and strength
at 83 so like I said this is just a
representation of what I think that
they'll turn into not a real actual
number all right now I will continue and
show you guys exactly how he plays in
the game so let's jump in there and i'll
see you guys on the other side hey guys
so we're all done here the final school
was 322 we actually were the Prince
Albert Raiders we ended up being um
that's Leandra sales team 1322 outshot
18 213 we out hit them 34 222 time and
attack was in their favor our passing
was much better we had a number of
penalty minutes that's probably the
reason why we did it but look at the
faceoffs won guys only that total 26 28
where the total for faceoffs
unbelievable so I was dominant on the
dot three stars I'm probably number one
oh sorry number two had a goal and two
assists now look at the goal I'll show
you the goal and I'll show you the
assists alright we had a human goalie so
I don't I didn't get the test this
against a computer goalie but i'll show
you this the place hold on so the first
one was an assist by me with with the
defenseman he dishes I go back hand back
door doesn't matter if you're a human
goalie or computer bully that play
that's a goal no matter what absolutely
he's in the absolute perfect position
for a one-timer goalie no way he'd get
across there even if he was a hue tur
all right Mike that was that was my
first assist my second point was a goal
look at this this is a typical play I'd
love to do to stop weight and top shelf
absolutely that is a human goalie move
for sure you just wait him out look at
that just perfectly weighted him out
patience patience patience he almost
held out the whole time but I managed to
beat him and that actually tied the game
up at two we were down two to one and
that goal right there made the
difference now the third one's a little
bit different you're not going to see
the play what happened was i deflected a
shot in front I don't know that if it's
going to show could did I get a shot
no I must not have got a shot with it
but there was a puck put at net i
deflected it hit the back wall that's it
bouncing backwards and then he just
talked it backwards like that so it bad
I tipped it bout that's it coming back
off of the wall and then he just shovels
it in there so that was my second assist
so that was a goal and two assists I
don't think I got any hits and I
seriously doubt I did maybe 12 hits now
they weren't big now this is exactly
what i wanted to obtain when i went with
Leandre saddle was the the physicality
of him he's a different kind of physical
player he's not a body checking type of
player he's a guy that uses his size to
gain advantage and that's exactly what I
found I could do I could get past
players and just you know muscle them
out a little bit and grab the puck
versus the guy who comes in and lays
people out that is not what this build
is this is purely about being a dominant
physical force out there and you'll see
by the faceoffs being 26 28 and it was
against the human 26 28 were the face
off it was just unbelievable numbers for
me so you can see right there that this
is a solid center because he has that
strength he has that balance he's a good
pivot the only thing that I would
increase very likely would be my poke
check I think that that was a little bit
low you might have to sacrifice um
defensive awareness in order to get some
poke check up there but even one or two
would help tremendously just because
right now is just not quite there it's
pretty good but not quite there anyway
guys I hope you enjoy give Leandra
seidel a try this is just the first
episode of the top for that i'll be
doing for builds so until next time I'm
target audience and I'll catch you guys
out in the ice
you